Added CacheSourceGenerator (#178)
amis92/csharp-source-generators: README.md

- [AutoInvoke](https://github.com/LokiMidgard/AutoInvoke.Generator) -![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LokiMidgard/AutoInvoke.Generator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/LokiMidgard/AutoInvoke.Generator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) A generator that generates a method that invokes a specified generic method, for every Type in your project that satisfies a defined constraint.
- [BigMachines](https://github.com/archi-Doc/BigMachines) -![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/archi-Doc/BigMachines?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/archi-Doc/BigMachines?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) BigMachines is State Machine library for .NET.

> - [CacheSourceGenerator](https://github.com/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator) -![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) Generates a IMemroryCache wrapper around a method call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CacheSourceGenerator](https://github.com/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator) -![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=604800) ![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jeppevammenkristensen/cachesourcegenerator?style=flat-square&cacheSeconds=86400) Generates an IMemoryCache wrapper around a method call. 
```
